Docs: Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#541)
jquery/jquery-migrate: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. [Tips for Bug Patching](#tips-for-bug-patching)

## Getting Involved

[API design principles](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/wiki/API-design-guidelines)

We're always looking for help [identifying bugs](#how-to-report-bugs), writing and reducing test cases, and improving documentation. And although new features are rare, anything passing our [guidelines](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/wiki/Adding-new-features) will be considered.

More information on how to contribute to this and other jQuery organization projects is at [contribute.jquery.org](https://contribute.jquery.org), including a short guide with tips, tricks, and ideas on [getting started with open source](https://contribute.jquery.org/open-source/). Please review our [commit & pull request guide](https://contribute.jquery.org/commits-and-pull-requests/) and [style guides](https://contribute.jquery.org/style-guide/) for instructions on how to maintain a fork and submit patches.

When opening a pull request, you'll be asked to sign our Contributor License Agreement. Both the Corporate and Individual agreements can be [previewed on GitHub](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/easycla).

> If you're looking for some good issues to start with, [here are some issues labeled "help wanted" or "patch welcome"](https://github.com/jquery/jquery-migrate/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22%2C%22Patch+Welcome%22).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for some good issues to start with, [here are some issues labeled "help wanted" or "patch welcome"](https://github.com/jquery/jquery-migrate/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22%2C%22Patch+Welcome%22).
```

Reviewer: @e-pic-c

Author: @E-pic-C what's the difference?

$ cd jquery-migrate
```

> Add the jQuery Migrate `main` as a remote. I label mine `upstream`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the jQuery Migrate `main` as a remote (e.g. `upstream`):
```
